README.md, before:

# 🧠 Matric IQ

![Matric IQ Logo](../matriq/src/assets/logo.png)

Matric IQ is a modern EdTech platform designed to help South African learners master Life Sciences and Geography through interactive quizzes, clean UX, and mobile-inspired navigation. Built with scalability and clarity in mind, it empowers students to learn smarter, not harder.

🔗 [Visit Matric IQ Live](https://matric-iq.vercel.app/)

---

## 🚀 Features

- 📚 Subject-specific quizzes for Life Sciences and Geography
- 📱 Mobile-style navigation and gesture-based UX
- ⚡ Fast, responsive design optimized for all devices
- 🔍 SEO-ready with Open Graph and Twitter Card integration
- 🎯 Clean data models for maintainability and scalability

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** React, CSS, HTML
- **Backend:** Firebase
- **Deployment:** Vercel
- **SEO & Analytics:** Google Search Console, Meta Tags

---

## 📈 Milestones

- ✅ 500+ active users
- ✅ Verified domain and indexed on Google
- ✅ Fully deployed and optimized for searchability

---

## 👨‍💻 Creator

Built by [Makhubele Langavi Clyde](https://www.linkedin.com/in/langavi-makhubele-clyde), a frontend developer and founder of LoopKart and Matric IQ. Passionate about clean code, scalable systems, and educational impact.

---

## 📬 Feedback & Contributions

Have ideas or want to contribute? Open an issue or reach out via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/langavi-makhubele-clyde). Let's build the future of learning together.

Commit message:

Removed the logo, added branding and API structure

README.md, after:

# 🧠 Matric IQ

Matric IQ is a modern EdTech platform designed to help South African learners master Life Sciences and Geography through interactive quizzes, clean UX, and mobile-inspired navigation. Built with scalability and clarity in mind, it empowers students to learn smarter, not harder.

🔗 [Visit Matric IQ Live](https://matric-iq.vercel.app/)

---

## 🚀 Features

- 📚 Subject-specific quizzes for Life Sciences and Geography
- 📱 Mobile-style navigation and gesture-based UX
- 🖊 Generate Quiz filtering by topic, difficulty, year and length
- ⚡ Fast, responsive design optimized for all devices
- 🔍 SEO-ready with Open Graph and Twitter Card integration
- 🎯 Clean data models for maintainability and scalability

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** React, CSS, HTML
- **Backend:** Firebase
- **Deployment:** Vercel
- **SEO & Analytics:** Google Search Console, Meta Tags

---

## 🔌 API Structure

GET /api/quizzes/:subject
Returns a list of quizzes for a given subject.

json
{
  "subject": "Life Sciences",
  "quizzes": [
    {
      "id": "cell-structure",
      "title": "Cell Structure",
      "questions": [ ... ]
    }
  ]
}
GET /api/quiz/:id
Returns a single quiz with metadata and questions

---

## 🎨 Branding

Matric IQ uses a vibrant HSL theme: hsl(184, 86%, 46%) Logo and iconography are optimized for educational clarity and mobile visibility.

---

## 📈 Milestones

- ✅ 500+ active users
- ✅ Verified domain and indexed on Google
- ✅ Fully deployed and optimized for searchability

---

## 👨‍💻 Creator

Built by [Makhubele Langavi Clyde](https://www.linkedin.com/in/langavi-makhubele-clyde), a frontend developer and founder of LoopKart and Matric IQ. Passionate about clean code, scalable systems, and educational impact.

---

## 📬 Feedback & Contributions

Have ideas or want to contribute? Open an issue or reach out via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/langavi-makhubele-clyde). Let's build the future of learning together.
